Use unified nginx helm chart (#636)
opea-project/GenAIInfra: helm-charts/common/nginx/README.md

# OPEA nginx microservice

Helm chart for deploying OPEA nginx service.

## Using nginx chart

This chart is not meant to be used standalone. It should be used with OPEA E2E helm charts as the reverse proxy for UI.

> 1. In the OPEA E2E chart, define a ConfigMap containing the environment variables as defined in [OPEA nginx microservice](https://github.com/opea-project/GenAIComps/blob/main/comps/nginx/nginx.conf.template).
> 
> 2. Pass the name of the ConfigMap to helm configuration `cmName`.

Reviewer: With the redundant cm name configuration removed:
```suggestion
E2E charts for OPEA applications provide ConfigMap with the required environment variables to configure [OPEA nginx microservice](https://github.com/opea-project/GenAIComps/blob/main/comps/nginx/nginx.conf.template).
```
